don't have to sleep tonight
Nah Torres you're alright
Chief keef & yeezy run Chiraq
And love you till yo eyes roll back
the sun is yet to rise and steph Chris and I are sleeping in my car
Advantages in re receiving set prayerful hope sign systems: lHlR
bruh these cookies are heaven
nice game #CongratsAdamson
He is such a docile piece of fucking shit
young dude ..I always shine when it's time for it
I love my middle name so much
I just wanna feel your touch
niallxcraic_ // geeky times infinity
I've become my own peer review committee.
Nothing like instrumental songs to keep you thinking
"that foo is hella fine & your hair looks disgusting"
Smokin loud pack while I spend my millions
Can't pay your bills with people's opinions
After months of wanting to, I just did it.
"She's broken, that's why she's mean" fucking bullshit
Domestic politics is so jarring
That's annoying Coutinho isn't starting
Api mother's day to all the mothers on twitter
Young enough to sell dope, old enough to know better
It's way to humid for my liking
may day later if it aint raining .
Revision is makin me wanna hurl myself head first off a very tall building
Having heauxs is so overrated sit y'all ass down before u catch something.
Totally forgot it's Saturday.
Clothes aren't in my vocab today
theres love and hope  LiroBel || #AngHatolKayDyesebel
If you draft Logan Thomas your a fool plane an simple
"are you tired of living?"
You accomplished something ?
He's a Latvian blonde Joseph Gordon-Levitt! #SBSEurovision
Happy fishing! The Minnesota Fishing season is open.
Organic food expensive for no cot damn reason
Is this the Maltese Mumford & Sons? #SBSEurovision
Turn down for what Juicy J killed it!!!
Do ya think bottom grillz is ratchet ?
can i talk to someone who's innocent?
Yo I need to get my mom a present
I'll only call or text on my plan I'm not touching your phone
Can someone tell me why Wenger took Viviano on Loan?
Im done drinking for a while! My body cant take it no more
my twitter won't load on my phone is something wrong with it or
I can't remember ANYTHING for psychology
Holy fucking shitting Christ fucking technology
THAT WAS A PSA EVERYBODY
i dont know weather i should study
#Poland working what their mamma gave them #SBSEurovision
Super sunday is a distraction to my revision
Armenians party all night 😩😆💕 #armenianparties
Sleepy. Hungry AF. Still a couple hours to go. 😳👊✊ #IGotThis
all these pop up ads and lag and im still patient.
Making mistake after mistake at the moment
Just watched 'This is Jinsy'. Why have I not watched this before?  Pmsl.
I'm in a van, preparing to drive it. #drivingavan #truckinghell
Woke up having a literal heat stroke
Ivan owes me new converse no joke.
Fulham's last day in the EPL and I miss Dempsey and McBride.
what's a good place to go to lunch with my peanut that's outsideeee
Oh holy fuck how many snapchats did I send!!??
Absolutley no-one could replace my best friend.
I need a sexy #cumslut #cumdump #dickeater
It's only been bad and it's not getting better
I think too much. I overthink and over analyze everything.
I know that I can do anything. I know I can be anything.
six flags is my obsession
that's life's biggest question
I hope there's karma for everything
So glad I don't work in the evening
The real question is should I sleep or study
Can it just be football season already???
Really hope I didn't get poison ivy
vaGinatown  #MySexLifeAsAMovie
I just want my head to stop hurting.
Waiting on ppl is not my thing
I did everything as a Youngn I'm to grown now for the shits
ive been losing interest in bitches with no benefits..
Oh you know, girls can play well too, very well.
You can be bae anytime any day. #LL
Watching these documentaries
God....im falling into pieces..
Or you can buy shoes that are actually your size
I want to try something new ! I'm taking food wise
Life is full of opportunity
Hold faithfulness and sincerity....
Remy is out?? .. Nah he is going to Arsenal
High school musical still gets me emotional
I told Erik not to eat the last sushi package bc for Nelly
You've made me all melty and soft and fudgey on the inside ugh ily
Well my liver is gonna be pissed when I wake up #sorryforpartyrockin
When some crazy school makes me a "Dr." it's going to be on and poppin!!
Awwww man I gotta go get my hair done
Like wtf? I'm done with everyone
Fuck u tahm bout || chance Bennett
Giiiirl you can get it
This weekend went by really fast
Live each day as if it's your last
HAD ENOUGH OF EVERYTHING
HEARTLOCKEUU EMEJINGGGG
Toronto - collision westbound King St before Dufferin St
Going to Sainsbury's to get diet coke... *crawls along pavement
Follow not an illusion decent at scaffolding hire: DsIBl
Well I didn't see DAT coming.....it directed Me to google
I need food & bottomless mimosas
Shorties be fucking with the wrong niggas.
It was too woo overwhelming
Growing up fucks up everything
"You are somewhat of a coward. Just do it!"
In A Perfect World alb is still my favorite
Chief Keef | Back from the dead
Dora hurting my Head!
Its gone be clear bout some of yall
I don't even wanna hang that call.....
Niggas are mad disrespectful
Probably should meet new people.
Time to miss Petra Mede again. #SBSEurovision
I didnt mean for any of this to happen
& Ese Intro' Hector El Father! Hahahaha
Too hot?😱ar u kidding me or what sia hahaha
I bet james a tenner he couldn't shag the mum and he fucking did
Just got home from Rocky, which was amazing as usual. So exhausted.
OMG LIKE I CANT BELIEVE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTT
I wake up to early for this shit
Stalkeriffic and hipster chic. Nope. #SBSEurovision
I’m with Julia. Whoah. #netherlands #Eurovision
i wish i was a sheep sheep don't have to deal w this No Emotions shit
I just want hot cocoa with tons of marshmallows and a really huge, warm blanket.
My nephew gonna turn me into a millionaire
My work shoes are so ugly just realised that there
The neighbors don't know my name because they got evicted.
Why I'm starin at you cos I'm picturing you naked
I still can't believe I'm going to reading
Texting Alexandria....yes its raining
Always a dreamer but never a realist
You sure look cute Moriyama #BlueExorcist
I think the best thing that ever happened to me just ended
we are born naked, so how can it be evil to be naked?
I hate lightskinned people
think I just barffed alittle
Eddie's place wither Brizzle
GOOO #MLFTSTheProposal
I sustain atlanta: explorer about dewy the very thing pluto: CBDAodl
KICKOFF bareng LIVE-SCTV Man. City v WestHam & Liverpool v Newcastle
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
Teachers call it "the bathroom" we call it, "I’m bored, I’m leaving"
Awaken!  Awaken!  Return to the land once forsaken!
It's a reason within a reason is always a reason.
WHEN I SAW THAT I CHOCKED ON MY BACON
True stuff Wayne should get domestic on Coleen.
"I'm dropping bombs like Pakistan/ fakes disappear like a magic man."
I'll never know why people don't take their driving test as soon as they can
Woman call other woman stupid for putting up with this or that
Omg the ending of dat vid made me tear. #beentherefeltthat
How many mothers dae are ther in a year.
Tell me I didn't waste my time coming here
WHAT IS THE FINAL BASE IF I MAY ASK, YOU SEXPERTS? PSHH PSHHH
Yo Denver airport is with that devil type stuff smh
It shouldn't take a day to prove to somebody that you love them
Chanyeol's ig bio: Happiness Baekhyun's ig bio: Fearless. hmmm
i hATE WHEN I @ MYSELF IM CRYING #JanoskiansToLebanon
“Tearing up my heart“ by N’sync may be the song of our generation
I may be impractical, but man, do I sure do have fun.
OH YES I LOVED THAT NORWAY FAIRYTALE HIGHEST POINTS ONE
Make me some breakfast to top it off & I'll love you forever 😁 hahahaha
Emmett farted so loudly in his sleep last night that it woke him up hahaha
Oh god so much went wrong #hungover
I swear I had the best dream ever!
has anyone seen or heard from Greg from last night
Can you win a lot of money on this UMG site?
Let me block him real quick Lls
Room cleaning mission success!
Enjoying my stay in morogoro
Wait i thought mothers day was tomorrow?
Oh gawd ugh I just wanna kick pple like that
Crippled by a food coma, I should be fat.
rihana looks like a dragon
I like my woman clean shaven
Such a lightweight = notvegasready
I really lost everybody
Not Even acknowledging You At All, Till I Get A Call That God's Coming
I could watch Joe Garner's goal over and over again...simply amazing!!
Now Playing: #Eagles - Take It To The Limit
Wake up to some va'dion wine. Can't fucks with it
I wanna go camping tonight dammit
Safety Dance at the gym lovin it
Pkn is the worst subject ever
I'ma be the man forever
#DONTSTOPLYRICVIDEO Amazing
guys im gonna cry jake is leaving
That was goaltending
My snap chat booming.
What the fuck is this weather mate
If you would text me, that'd be great
when you're ready come and get it
Fuck it two tears in the bucket
cops are nice guys and also cops are dicks
G count snapped on that #chiraq remix
Thomp gone b mad i took dat dog off da chain
Lying about how big ya dick is .. Still ? #thatsnsane
You can miss me with all that..
Wheres my future girl at?
I want emily and Mark to get together.
my mom's basically my mother and father
Cheesy rolls, sweetarts, and journaling. A good way to end a long Saturday.
I forgot how funny Pineapple Express is until I watched it today.
But was brenden getting fat. Blame idols
#DerekSays be kind to the animals
yearly bolt zelda race incoming
I'm hungry and avoiding eating.
I like how everybody cries in the morning
Finding somewhere to park downtown is so draining.
Hope a few ppl got wounded last night..
I'm not dead yet so that's a good sign, right?
#CougarFans is trending im laughing so hard oh Justin
I really wish my passport would hurry up and come in!
Funny how people kill for things they don't need
underground shit, i see myself as a seed
Im going to Orlando, Florida!!!! #seniortrip #excited #cantwait
Sitting down thinking bout life and it just putting me in a more depress state
I am exhausted this is going to be great
Horace~ Force without wisdom falls of its own weight.
been wanting to get that off my chest .
Owning people is wad we do best
Thank you very much because of the words. never forget.
I been at the top for a minute & I ain't jump yet...
Man I Just Be Chilling
Done dinner. Lets shopping!
I CRIED! I WATCHED A VIDEO OF SEOHYUN'S MOM'S SURPRISE VISIT
Musics starting to get a little more personal ... I can dig it
I don't think anyone can comprehend how tired i am today oml
JJ literally looked like a blonde Harry potter when he was little
AND THE BUG'S CORPSE FELL TO THE FRAME OF MY MONITOR.
thought it said "call hitler" when it def said "chain letter"
Bitches Be Fraudin For Twitter
Monopod and bluetooth shutter
All I want is for the Remote App to show up on my computer
For real tho if she can't bait her own hook I'll toss her in the water
Congrats Brandon! I love you to the moon and back
hate being awake when nobody is awak
My mother is really beefing with me, she sent me all these mean text messages
What's poppin in VA? Gonna be here for a while and need to see what the move is
In masvingo Zimbabwe sitting with my mom listening to talk sport on my ipad
Why is it so hard to understand that I don't want anything to do with my dad
tline full of sehun updates bc allen
#WeekEndRock Metallica - The Unforgiven!
I feel Sus for creepin' on Oomf's page rn
That commie Pope Francis is at it again
If I was a hoe why would you spend all night talking to me on deep shit
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.–Carol Burnett
Congratulations on winning eurovision mate.
None of the tvs work and I'm home all day today, great.
I didn't see you comin that kiss was so unpredictable
Thunderstruck es demasiado hardcore para mi nivel!
This song needs a beard. #SBSEurovision
Don't wanna make the wrong decision
Brooke is my fav on One Tree Hill
boys are the root of all evil.
Who wants to let me stay the night?
Mom your bias is Baekhyun right ?
This movie fucked with my head
No more butterflies, all dead.
Tick-tock tick-tock the clock winds down the world will see the real Mott.
Im a fuckin unicorn, fuck anyone who says im not
one two four five
you feel alive
